~Dragon, Red, Adult
Huge dragon, chaotic evil
Armor Class, 19 (natural Armor)
Hit Points, 256 (19d12 + 133)
Speed, 40 ft, climb 40 ft, fly 80 ft
Str,27 (+8)
Dex,10 (+0)
Con,25 (+7)
Int,16 (+3)
Wis,13 (+1)
Cha,21 (+5)
Saving Throws, Dex +6, Con +13, Wis +7, Cha +11
Skills, Perception +13, Stealth +6
Damage Immunities, Fire
Senses, Blindsight 60 ft, darkvision 120 ft, passive Perception 23
Languages, Common, Draconic
Challenge, 17 (18,000 XP)
Traits
Multiattack, The dragon can use its Frightful Presence. It then makes three attacks, one with its bite and two with its claws.
Legendary Resistance (3/Day) ­ If the dragon fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.
Actions
Bite ­ Melee Weapon Attack
+14 to hit, reach 10 ft, one target.
Hit, 19 (2d10 + 8) piercing damage plus 7 (2d6) fire damage.
Claw ­ Melee Weapon Attack
+14 to hit, reach 5 ft, one target.
Hit, 15 (2d6 + 8) slashing damage.
Tail ­ Melee Weapon Attack
+14 to hit, reach 15 ft, one target.
Hit, 17 (2d8 + 8) bludgeoning damage.
Frightful Presence, Each creature of the dragon’s choice that is within 120 feet of the dragon and aware of it must
succeed on a DC 19 Wisdom saving throw or become frightened for 1 minute. A creature can repeat the saving throw at
the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success. If a creature’s saving throw is successful or the
effect ends for it, the creature is immune to the dragon’s Frightful Presence for the next 24 hours.
Fire Breath (Recharge 5–6), The dragon exhales fire in a 60­foot cone. Each creature in that area must make a DC 21
Dexterity saving throw, taking 63 (18d6) fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
Legendary Actions
The dragon can take 3 legendary actions, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be
used at a time and only at the end of another creature’s turn. The dragon regains spent legendary actions at the start of
its turn.
Detect, The dragon makes a Wisdom (Perception) check.
Tail Attack, The dragon makes a tail attack.
Wing Attack (Costs 2 Actions), The dragon beats its wings. Each creature within 10 feet of the dragon must succeed
on a DC 22 Dexterity saving throw or take 15 (2d6 + 8) bludgeoning damage and be knocked prone. The dragon can
then fly up to half its flying speed.
A Red Dragon’s Lair
Red dragons lair in high mountains or hills, dwelling in caverns under snow­capped peaks, or within the deep halls of abandoned
mines and dwarven strongholds. Caves with volcanic or geothermal activity are the most highly prized red dragon lairs, creating
hazards that hinder intruders and letting searing heat and volcanic gases wash over a dragon as it sleeps.
With its hoard well protected deep within the lair, a red dragon spends as much of its time outside the mountain as in it.
For a red dragon, the great heights of the world are the throne from which it can look out to survey all it controls—and the wider
world it seeks to control.
Throughout the lair complex, servants erect monuments to the dragon’s power, telling the grim story of its life, the
enemies it has slain, and the nations it has conquered.
Lair Actions
On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), the dragon takes a lair action to cause one of the following effects; the
dragon can’t use the same effect two rounds in a row
● Magma erupts from a point on the ground the dragon can see within 120 feet of it, creating a 20­foot­high
5­foot­radius geyser. Each creature in the geyser’s area must make a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw, taking 21
(6d6) fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
● A tremor shakes the lair in a 60­foot radius around the dragon. Each creature other than the dragon on the
ground in that area must succeed on a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw or be knocked prone.
● Volcanic gases form a cloud in a 20­foot­radius sphere centered on a point the dragon can see within 120 feet
of it. The sphere spreads around corners, and its area is lightly obscured. It lasts until initiative count 20 on the
next round. Each creature that starts its turn in the cloud must succeed on a DC 13 Constitution saving throw
or be poisoned until the end of its turn. While poisoned in this way, a creature is incapacitated.
Regional Effects
The region containing a legendary red dragon’s lair is warped by the dragon’s magic, which creates one or more of the
following effects
● Small earthquakes are common within 6 miles of the dragon’s lair.
● Water sources within 1 mile of the lair are supernaturally warm and tainted by sulfur.
● Rocky fissures within 1 mile of the dragon’s lair form portals to the Elemental Plane of Fire, allowing creatures
of elemental fire into the world to dwell nearby.
If the dragon dies, these effects fade over the course of 1d10 days.
