~Vampire Spawn
Medium Undead, Neutral Evil
Armor Class, 15 (Natural Armor)
Hit Points, 82 (11d8 + 33)
Speed, 30 ft
Str,16 (+3)
Dex,16 (+3)
Con,16 (+3)
Int,11 (+0)
Wis,10 (+0)
Cha,12 (+1)
Saving Throws, Dex +6, Wis +3
Skills, Perception +3, Stealth +6
Damage Resistances, Necrotic; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from nonmagical weapons
Senses, Darkvision 60 ft, passive Perception 13
Languages, The languages it knew in life
Challenge, 5 (1,800 XP)
Traits
Regeneration, The vampire regains 10 hit points at the start of its turn if it has at least 1 hit point and isn’t in sunlight
or running water. If the vampire takes radiant damage or damage from holy water, this trait doesn’t function at the start
of the vampire’s next turn.
Spider Climb, The vampire can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an
ability check.
Vampire Weaknesses, The vampire has the following flaws
Forbiddance. The vampire can’t enter a residence without an invitation from one of the occupants.
Harmed by Running Water. The vampire takes 20 acid damage when it ends its turn in running water.
Stake to the Heart. The vampire is destroyed if a piercing weapon made of wood is driven into its heart while it
is incapacitated in its resting place.
Sunlight Hypersensitivity. The vampire takes 20 radiant damage when it starts its turn in sunlight. While in
sunlight, it has disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks.
Actions
Multiattack, The vampire makes two attacks, only one of which can be a bite attack.
Claws ­ Melee Weapon Attack
+6 to hit, reach 5 ft, one creature.
Hit, 8 (2d4 + 3) slashing damage. Instead of dealing damage, the vampire can grapple the target (escape DC
13).
Bite ­ Melee Weapon Attack
+6 to hit, reach 5 ft, one willing creature, or a creature that is grappled by the vampire, incapacitated, or
restrained.
Hit, 6 (1d6 + 3) piercing damage plus 7 (2d6) necrotic damage. The target’s hit point maximum is reduced by
an amount equal to the necrotic damage taken, and the vampire regains hit points equal to that amount. The
reduction lasts until the target finishes a long rest. The target dies if this effect reduces its hit point maximum to
0.
