Your fighting stance looks like an unfolded lawn chair!
You are the feces that is created when shame eats too much stupidity!
You’re a disappointment to your ancestors!
You swing like a halfling!
I swear, if you were any worse at this, you’d be doing our job for us!
How do you dress yourself in the morning?
Please, I’m curious: Did it take practice to be this much of a failure or does it come naturally to you?
Wow... You’re amazing! Wait... No, what’s the opposite of amazing? Oh, yeah, shit! You’re shit at this!
I’m glad you’re tall...It means there’s more of you I can despise!
On a scale of 1 - 10, you’re proper screwed!
You would bore the legs off a village idiot!
You’re like a trained ape, only, without the training!
Well, my time of not taking you seriously is coming to a middle!
Some day you’ll meet a doppelganger of yourself and be disappointed!
Some day you’ll go far and I hope you stay there!
Your magic is as bad as your breath!
Oh look, both your weapons are tiny!
A wet cat is tougher than you!
Your very existence is an insult to all!
A goblin with one hand nailed to a tree would be more of a threat than you!
Oh my god. Why don’t you give me your weapon so I can hit myself with it, because that’d be more effective than you trying it!
I can tell your reservoir of courage is fed by the tributary
running down your leg!
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t get my head that far up my arse!
Very impressive, I think I’ll hire you out for children’s parties!
You’re like a gnome on stilts, real cute, but it’s not working!
They say every rose has its thorn, ain’t that right, buttercup!
I’d say you were a worthy opponent, but I once fought a flumph wielding a dandelion!
If this fight gets any harder, I’ll have to switch it up to folk music!
I’d draw my weapon, but I wouldn’t want to make you jealous!
Do you know what happens to a [insert] when it fails it’s save? Neither do I, but based on what happened to your comrade, my money’s on ’dies horribly’!
How does it feel that you’re not worthy of anyone casting a decent spell on you!
One day I’m going to make a ballad of this fight. Tell me your name, I hope it rhymes with horribly slaughtered!
Didn’t there used to be like twice as many of you guys?
Stop me if you’ve heard this one. The sole purpose of your existence is to serve as a speedbump on others path to greatness - okay you definitely should of stopped me by now!
Wait, wait, I just need to ask, what do you need us to put on your headstone!
I’ve heard of schoolgirls with better fighting skills than you!
You do know the pointy end is suppose to go in the other guy, right!
Do you know, that if you were at a party surrounded by female zombies, the only thing you’d pull is a hamstring!
I’m sure the God of [ Clumsy, Stupid, Ugly ] appreciates your devotion!
My parties fighter says your momma is so fat....
Is it true the cult of the dragon requires castration for new members?
If you were any worse at this, I would consider you a ally!
You’re such a wimp I can kill you with a insult!
No one will miss you.
Does anyone even know you’re alive? I mean...not that you will be for long.
Hmmm. Another case of suicide by adventurer.
Are you sure you’re holding that properly? It doesn’t seem to be working very well.
When you surrender we’re still going to kill you. Do you surrender?
I know you’ve made a lot of terrible choices in your life, but being here today is probably going to cost you the most.
Did you see the look on your friend’s face when he died?
Did you actually pay these people to defend you?
Wait... you really thought you were going to win, didn’t you?
You’re killing me here. Metaphor, obviously, as you’re actually the one about to die.
Smile for me. I don’t want to have to remember you looking all... bloody and afraid and pathetic. Oh who am I kidding? I’m not going to remember you.
Is it the part where you plead for your life yet? That’s going to be funny. And in vain. But mostly funny.
Your defense is offensive.
I’ve heard of last rites, but it seems you’re committed to last wrongs!
That guy over there with the big axe is my friend. You’re not going to like him very much, though.
Did you hear the one about the [insert bad guy’s race/class here]? Such a joke. I kill it every time.
If you think my jokes are funny, wait till my buddy here with the mace starts his ”knock, knock” routine.
I was wondering what you are, you’re fat enough to be an ogre, but I’ve never seen an ogre THAT ugly before!
By the gods your ugly, I bet your father regrets not pulling out when he had the chance!
What are you going to do for a face when the monkey wants his arse back? 
Do you know what is the difference between you and a troglodyte? I am seriously asking here because you both smell so bad that no one can get close enough to find out. 
I don’t know whether to charm person or beast!
Hey, have you ever been mistaken for a [insert].
Alright guys pour on the fire damage! Wait, what? Oh no, nevermind he’s not an actual troll. 
Quick grab some fire...no wait, it’s ok, it’s not an actual troll! 
You look like you ran a 40 meter sprint in a 30 meter room! 
I can’t decide if you smell worse alive than you will dead. 
We’ll find out soon enough, though. 
I hate to kill you, nobody should die that ugly. 
You smell like a troglodyte died in a pool of its own refuse three days ago and you rolled around in the mess to get clean.
If you were any uglier you might actually be a challenge to fight.
AVERT YOUR EYES THEY GOT UGLIER!
You’re awfully big for a kobold...
You kleptomaniacal, self righteous, oversized gila monster! (Dragons and lizards)
Its cute that you think thats a sword. But then again, growing up with that pitiful package may have skewed your perspective a bit.